Remove reference to non-existent note in ISM docs (#10878)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _im-plugin/ism/policies.md

Rolls an alias over to a new index when the managed index meets one of the rollover conditions.

<p id="important-note"></p>

> **IMPORTANT**
>

> >ISM checks the conditions for operations on **every execution of the policy** based on the **set interval**, _not_ continuously. The rollover will be performed if the value **has reached** or _has exceeded_ the configured limit **when the check is performed**. For example, with `min_size` configured to a value of 100GiB, ISM might check the index at 99 GiB and not perform the rollover. However, if the index has grown past the limit by the next check (for example, to 105GiB), the operation is performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>ISM checks the conditions for operations on **every execution of the policy** based on the **set interval**, _not_ continuously. The rollover will be performed if the value **has reached** or _has exceeded_ the configured limit **when the check is performed**. For example, with `min_size` configured to a value of 100 GiB, ISM might check the index at 99 GiB and not perform the rollover. However, if the index has grown past the limit by the next check (for example, to 105 GiB), the operation is performed.
```

Parameter | Description | Type
:--- | :--- |:--- |:--- |
`index` | The name of the index. | String

> `index_uuid` | The uuid of the index. | String

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`index_uuid` | The UUID of the index. | String
```

Parameter | Description | Type | Required
:--- | :--- |:--- |:---
`require` | Allocate the index to a node with a specified attribute. | String | Yes
`include` | Allocate the index to a node with any of the specified attributes. | String | Yes

> `exclude` | Don’t allocate the index to a node with any of the specified attributes. | String | Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`exclude` | Don't allocate the index to a node with any of the specified attributes. | String | Yes
```

`min_index_age` | The minimum age of the index required to transition. | String | No
`min_rollover_age` | The minimum age required after a rollover has occurred to transition to the next state. | String | No
`min_state_age` | The minimum amount of time the index must spend in the current state before transitioning. | String | No
`min_doc_count` | The minimum document count of the index required to transition. | Integer | No
`min_size` | The minimum size of the total primary shard storage (not counting replicas) required to transition. For example, if you set `min_size` to 100 GiB and your index has 5 primary shards and 5 replica shards of 20 GiB each, the total size of all primary shards is 100 GiB, so your index is transitioned to the next state. | String | No
`no_alias` | Controls transition based on alias presence. If `true`, transition occurs only when the index has **no aliases**. If `false`, transition occurs only when at least **one alias exists**. | `boolean` | No
`cron` | The `cron` job that triggers the transition if no other transition happens first. | `object` | No
`cron.cron.expression` | The `cron` expression that triggers the transition. | String | Yes

> `cron.cron.timezone` | The timezone that triggers the transition. | String | Yes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`cron.cron.timezone` | The time zone that triggers the transition. | String | Yes
```
